This is the first exercise.
And this is all about the quick
edits that we just learned.
So it's to take this actual page here.
And can you change this from
an ordered list to an unordered list?
Clicking on this link
,makes a pop up here.
But can you find the JavaScript that
calls this event, and then the third,
one's like a little bit of a quiz,
but there's a way to cheat.
And like I said,
dev tools helps you level up.
So I have a button and
when you click the button,
this block quote gets rendered, right?
And it gets rendered with this class,
this ID and this inline style and
I also have CSS on the page, which has
an element selector, a class selector and
an ID selector with important.
And so the question on CSS specificity
is can you guess what color it will be?
But the dev tools cheat is let's say
you forgotten all the specificity stuff
already.
Can you use dev tools that actually
view what color it'll be before it gets
rendered to the DOM?
And then the last one is there's
a whole big list full of cards here.
And when we wanna do is we wanna find
the border color of the one with an ID of
12345678.
And so can you use the dev
tools to put in that ID and
actually get to that card and
view the border color.